Substrate as a technical framework for the first blockchain domain allows developers to focus on the run-time logic of the chain without having to spend a lot of time and effort building the underlying infrastructure of the blockchain. In addition, Substrate provides many functional modules by default, such as Staking and Consensus, which are convenient for framework users to freely combine and customize according to their own needs. Contract module is one of the functional modules. Whether it is an independent chain based on Substrate technology or a future parallel chain, as long as the contract module is integrated, it can become an intelligent contract platform.


The main implementation of this ChainX smart contract platform is to integrate Substrate's contract module and adapt it. The main differences between ChainX's contract function and Substrate's default contract module are as follows:

> Cancel the design of contract storage charges. The contract storage charge is simply that when the contract is deployed on the chain, a certain fee is charged according to the size of the contract's storage on the chain and the storage time occupied by the contract. When the contract account cannot support the storage fee due to insufficient balance, the contract Will be deleted and may not even be recoverable. Even if the contract can be recovered after being deleted, the current contract recovery operability is extremely low, which may cause great problems to the current contract development. Therefore, we have decided to temporarily cancel the contract storage fee and only charge the gas fee for contract calls, which is consistent with the current Ethereum fee design. When the contract storage charging model is mature, the design can be re-enabled.